67/gql filters (#70)
libremfg/libremfg.github.io: content/how-to/gql/filter.md

---
title: 'Filter'
categories: ["how-to"]
description: How to filter a GraphQL call to a subset of manufacturing items.
weight: 210
menu:
  main:
    parent: how-to-query
    identifier:
---

> When a query or mutation involves many items, it's often helpful to filter the response to some subset.
> Rhize has many filters to make your queries more precise, bringing more meaningful results with less need for secondary processing.
> 

Author: ```suggestion

_Filters_  limit an operation to a subset of resources.
You can use filters to make operations more precise, remove unneeded items from a payload, and reduce the need for secondary processing.

To use a filter, specify it in the operation's argument.
Most fields in an object can serve as a filter.
```
